The tens of billions of family property left by my father was given to a falling cave
This neighbor's daughter?
Still a love brain
Master Liu, let's start signing the contract, wait a minute
I have an announcement to make.
I want you all to bear witness to me
I have a couple of questions for my wife.
Finally can't help it
I want to ask you
Why drive out all the shareholders of the deceased group?
They are your elders
Dear, how can you bear it?
It turns out that he is a white-eyed wolf before leaving.
Who would dare to cooperate with him in the future?
Wasn't it because of you that drove them away?
You're still talking nonsense.
Are relatives worthless in front of you?
Relatives
Miss White
You didn't take my uncle seriously at all?
Brother, take a good look at your daughter in the sky
The Ding family is leaving
You treat your loved ones like this
What about me?